Feature/write about the work flow we have 29 (#35)
SW814F20/Report: report/Process/Initial.tex

\section{Initial process}
During the initial project work, the group used the working process called Essence as described in~\autoref{par:preProject}.

> While working using this process, the group had to its disposal, a group room with individual work places, where each group member could have their own personal belonging and use it as a "home base".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While working using this process, the group had a group room with individual work places, where each group member could have their own personal belonging and use it as a "home base".
```

> Within the room multiple whiteboards available for creative writing and work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the room, multiple whiteboards were available for creative writing and work.
```

During this period, the initial phases of the project was conducted, where many meetings could be conducted.

> While working under these conditions, the group there able to conduct spontaneous meetings simply by turning around the chairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While working under these conditions, the group where able to conduct spontaneous meetings simply by turning around the chairs.
```

Within such a group room a lot of tacit knowledge could be shared explicitly by simply being physically located within the same room.
The use of whiteboards allowed for fast brainstorming and fast validation of new ideas could be shared and evaluated upon.

Within the group, all group members was comfortable with this working method and felt that their productivity was at a high state. 

> Mean while, the balance between project work and courses based activities was fairly heavy on the courses, but still allowed time to do project work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, the balance between project work and courses, was fairly heavy on the courses, but still allowed time for project work.
```
